Aim-Write a program using piezo element and use it to play a tune after someone
knocks
Objective: Understanding working principle of Buttons & Buzzers
Hardware: Arduino, Button, Buzzer, etc
Software: Arduino IDE
Apparatus: Arduino Uno board, Micro-IoT sensor actuator board, Power adaptor.

Theory:
In this Practical, we will make a circuit which will play a sound using a buzzer and an LED which
sound and as example of a complex project, it will light up LED when a button is pressed. For this
project, we need :
● Arduino UNO or similar boardPiezo Buzzer – One
● LED – One
● 220 Ohm Resistor – One
● 10K Ohm Resistor – One
● Pushbutton – One
● Breadboard – One
● Jumper Wires – Few
Push buttons are the basic on-off switching buttons most commonly used in less to highly
complex electronic devices. Push buttons are able to connect two points whenever they are
pressed. Push-button acts as a manually operated control device. When the button is pressed
that means the short circuit is achieved between two points. On the other side when the button
is not pressed then the open circuit or no connection developed between the points.
In this article, I will explain to you all the basics about the push button. A push-button is a very
simple control device but we can operate it with pull-up and pull-down resistors. I will explain to
you how an LED can be operated using a push button with a pull-up and a pull-down resistor. I
will also explain to you how a buzzer can be operated with the help of a push-button. All these
examples will help you to understand all the basics about the push button.
The push-button has four legs but we can use only two of them because of their internal
structure. We can connect the push button directly with the VCC or 5-volt power supply. After
that when we press it then the software will read it as HIGH until we change the state and
perform the operation. But when the button is released after that system will get confused and
does not able to recognize what is connected in the input. As result, the software will read HIGH
or LOW value non-uniformly and assume some noise in this condition, due to which unexpected
output will be observed. To avoid this situation it is necessary to connect pull-up or pull-down
resistors with the push button.
The circuit itself quite simple circuit to set up. Be careful with the positive and negative poles of
piezo buzzer:

Observation: 
You can use the Piezo element for both input sensing and output tone generation. 
In this experiment the user will tap the sensor and read the input values and once a certain 
threshold is passed can start generating a tone from the Piezo Element.

Conclusion: Executed a program using piezo element and use it to play a tune after someone
knocks